0. Description

The University of Wisconsin IPMI MicroTCA System Manager grants access to
MicroTCA crates over IPMI, providing basic status information and allowing
multiple other applications to concurrently access the crates while buffering
them from vendor or protocol related idiosyncracies, as well as providing a
platform for automatic card initialization.


1. Basic Operation and Configuration

Copy sysmgr.conf.example, packaged in /usr/share/doc/sysmgr-*/, to a location of
your choice and edit it to match your configuration.  You may then run:
$ sysmgr sysmgr.conf

If you run 'sysmgr' without an argument it will search for /etc/sysmgr.conf by
default.  Note that the system manager does not need to run as root.

Please do note the section on Output & Errors below.

A successful startup will produce messages similar to the following, to the
console or to syslog depending on configuration.

| University of Wisconsin IPMI MicroTCA System Manager
| C2: Card added in MCH2: UTCA MCH
| C2: Card added in AMC02: WISC CTP-6
| C2: Card added in AMC09: WISC CTP-7
| C2: Card added in AMC13: BU AMC13
| C2: Card added in CU1: VT VT095
| C2: Card added in CU2: VT VT095
| C2: Card added in PM1: VT UTC020

2. VadaTech MCH Setup

VadaTech MCHs require no special configuration.

3. NAT MCH Setup

You must be running NAT MCH firmware version 2.14 or higher, which is available
from NAT support.  The MCH also requires specific configuration.  On the MCH
console run 'mchcfg' and set the following options:

* Section 4: Set "send SEND_MSG confirmation to SMS" to 'Y'.
* Section 6: Set "Enable 'keep on read'" to 'Y'.

4. Output & Errors

The system manager will output basic status information on crate activity to the
console while in operation, including error messages and exceptions.

There is no effective method to suppress the error messages from the underlying
library, however proper response code checking is done, and the system manager
is designed to be resilient in the face of these issues.  Any messages
beginning with something similar to "api/ipmi-api.c:" can generally be ignored.

All status and error messages from the system manager relating to crate
management will be prefixed with "C1: ", "C2: ", etc, depending on which crate
produced the message.

IPMI is a volatile environment and is prone to errors and failed commands.
These are normally transient errors, and this is a normal part of crate
operation.  The system manager attempts to handle these gracefully, but in the
event of an error it does not have a specific method of recovery from, it will
disconnect and restart its monitoring of the crate.  If you see a message such
as "Restarting Crate 1 monitoring in 4 seconds.", this is what has occured and
the system manager should automatically recover.

It is not generally necessary to report issues that are recovered from and are
not frequently recurring, have error messages indicating transient states, or
appear to be natural parts of normal operation in an unreliable IPMI
environment.  That said, please feel free to report any issues that are
particularly concerning, or which you have reason to believe reflect a
meaningful defect in the system manager itself.
